`VMSS` - Support updating `zones` (#27288)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/linux_virtual_machine_scale_set.html.markdown

-> **Note:** This can only be set to `true` when one or more `zones` are configured.

* `zones` - (Optional) Specifies a list of Availability Zones in which this Linux Virtual Machine Scale Set should be located.

> -> **Note:** Removing existing zones from existing Virtual Machine Scale Set is currently not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** Updating `zones` to remove an existing zone forces a new Virtual Machine Scale Set to be created.
```

Author: Updated. Thanks.
